annot: Chop half an onion
ACTID: 0
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] half an onion (-1)
annot: Add butter and onions to a pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] butter (-1), onions (0)
[PP, location, to] a pan (-1)
annot: Add vodka to the pan
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] vodka (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (1)
annot: Add cream and tomato sauce to the pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cream (-1), tomato sauce (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (2)
annot: stir
ACTID: 4
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (3)
annot: Add salt and pepper
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] salt (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: and stir
ACTID: 6
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (5)
annot: Cook pasta in a pot
ACTID: 7
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] pasta (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pot (-1)
annot: Drain the pasta
ACTID: 8
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] the pasta (7)
annot: then add it to the sauce
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] it (8)
[PP, food, to] the sauce (6)
annot: and stir
ACTID: 10
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (9)
annot: Add cheese
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cheese (-1)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: and then transfer to a plate
ACTID: 12
PRED: transfer
[DOBJ, food] (11)
[PP, location, to] a plate (-1)
annot: Chop some parsley
ACTID: 13
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] some parsley (-1)
annot: and sprinkle on top of the pasta
ACTID: 14
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] (13)
[PP, food, on] top of the pasta (12)